# 英语

Terminating -- 终止

function-based 基于功能
entail 导致
Reference Manual -- 参考手册
on with the show -- 继续
in terms of -- 就...而言
whereas -- 然而

[Tasks, microTasks, queues and schedules](https://jakearchibald.com/2015/tasks-microtasks-queues-and-schedules/)

bacteria

sprained ankle

synchronously-- 同步
communicate -- 通信
guarantees -- 保证
execution -- 执行
performance sensitive -- 性能敏感
sequentially -- 按顺序
penalty -- 罚款, 代价
motivations -- 动机
perspective -- 观点
react -- 作出反应
mid-execution -- 执行中
settle -- 兑现
against -- 紧接着
This is sort-of excusable -- 这是可以原谅的
concept -- 概念
but more on that later -- 稍后详细解释

## English Pod

- quite ill -- very sick
- sore throat -- 喉咙痛
- runny nose -- 流鼻涕
- slightly -- a little bit
- feverish -- feeling like your body is very hot; 感觉像发烧了
- recover -- get better

- coming down with (flu / cold / sth.) -- starting to get sick
- calling in sick -- report than you will not go to work because you're sick
- take the (day / week / year) off -- 放一天/周/年假
- personal day -- 不想工作 给自己放假~

- reservation -- booking
- presidential suite -- 总统套房
- under the name --  在 xx 名下, hotel / hospital
- mix-up -- misunderstanding, confusion
- overbooked -- 超卖
- confirmation -- an approval(批准), verification(验证)
- complimentary -- free
- complimentary upgrade
- deluxe room -- 豪华客房
- concierge -- hotel employee that helps guests 礼宾部

### Each

#### 004 I need a assistant

错误: 18  拼写: 4 时态: 4

A: like, i told you before, we just don't have the ~~resourced~~ resources to hire you ~~a~~ an assistant.

B: I understand that, but the fact is ~~we~~ we're ~~under staffed~~
understaffed.

A: The timing is just not right. The ~~economany~~ economy is bad, and it's too risk to take ~~a~~ on new staff

B: Yeah, I guess ~~you~~ you're right.....here's an idea, what if we hire ~~???~~ an intern ? She ~~will~~ would take some **of the weight** off my shoulders.

A: She?

B: Yeah, you know. ~~The reason ???~~ a recent graduate. She ~~can~~ could give me a hand with some ~~???~~ of these projects and we ~~can~~ could keep our ~~???~~ costs down.

A: That ~~???~~ sounds reasonable... let me see what I can do.

A: Tony, i'd like to ~~intorducte~~ introduce your new assistant.

B: Ok, great. Let's meet **her**.

C: Hi, i'm Adam.

B: Oh... hi... I'm Tony.

#### vocabulary

- resources -- money
- understaffed / short staffed -- not enough people to do the job
- overstaffed -- having too many employees
- weight off my shoulders -- remove pressure or stress
- keep our costs down
- recruit -- hire
- cut costs -- reduce spending

### 005 Cut in Line

错误: 13 拼写: 4

A: I can't believe ~~that~~ it took us two hours to get ~~there~~ here. The ~~triffi~~ traffic in New York is unbelievable.

B: Yeah, but just relax honey, ~~we~~ we're here and **we're** going on vacation. In a few hours we'll be in ~~H~~ Hawaii, and you'll be on the golf course.

A: Oh, no. Loot **at** that line! It must be a ~~mail~~ mile long! There's no way I'm waiting for another two hours.

B: Honey... don't...

C: Hey man, the end of **the** line is over there.

A: Yeah...

C: No seriously. I was ~~your~~ here first, and you can't cut ~~the~~ in line like this.

A: Says who ?

C: I do!

A: So ~~soon~~ sue me!

C: Alright.. ~~that~~ that's it.

#### vocabulary

- be a mile long  -- very long
- cut in line  / jump the queue -- 插队
- there's no way -- it's impossible
- sue me --
- form a queue -- 排成一队
- stand in line / line up -- 排队
